Disabled addons are stored in the disabled folder. Move the desired .res files into the same folder as this file.
Each folder also contains a folder of previews so you can see how they'll look before enabling them.
Addon previews might not reflect the current version of the HUD, but will be updated if the addon itself is changed.

Special cases will be listed below:
--------------------------------------------------
Default Close Captions:
Default Close Captions requires two separate files, so both need to be moved here.
Default Close Captions is enabled by default to avoid a crash. Only disable this addon if you are using Clovervidia's close captions or something similar.
Default Close Captions requires a full game restart to take effect.

Centered Scoreboard:
Centered Scoreboard requires two separate files, so both need to be moved here.

Button Colours and Menu Themes:
It is recommended to keep a personal backup of these files if you have your own configuration so they can easily be carried over between updates.
These files are to be placed in darhud_addons/theme.
These files require a full game restart to take effect.

Open Fortress Charge Meters:
Open Fortress Charge Meters requires a full game restart to take effect.

Custom Team Colours:
Custom Team Colours only change a few things, such as the Spy disguise menu and the Team Coloured Scoreboard Backgrounds addon. The majority of the custom team assets are a separate download available on the mod's GameBanana page.
While Hue24 and GRY are both compatible with PLM and Hue42, each pair isn't compatible with each other since they both change BLU and YLW's colours respectively.
In the event that both Hue24 and GRY are enabled simultaneously, Hue24 takes priority.
In the event that both Hue42 and PLM are enabled simultaneously, Hue42 takes priority.
Custom Team Colours require a full game restart to take effect.

The following addons are enabled by default:
Default Close Captions (default_close_captions_clientscheme.res and default_close_captions_hudlayout.res)
Dark Scoreboard Background (dark_scoreboard_background.res)
Should you wish to disable these, there are corresponding folders located in the disabled folder for the purpose of organisation. (or you can just delete them or whatever i'm not your dad)
